Lin Feng, this brat is clearly playing tricks on you
Now it's not just the goddess Caiwei
Even those women
They are all fascinated by Raymond Lam
A few stinky money is great
Who said that only Raymond Lam has a woman?
I recently met a good female anchor
I'll ask her to come over now to give us guys some face.
Phil is me
Is Gao free tonight?
I have a wine party here
All high quality men
Do you want to come over and have a drink?
That's right, the wine alone costs eight figures.
Then you come over
Wait, the thunderstorm is coming soon.
It can blow up the whole audience
The people around Lin Feng are no match for him.
Goddess of Philippine
You are here
Brother Gao, long time no see.
Not seen for a few days
Do you miss me?
Hate
Let me introduce you to
This is Li Feier, a famous female anchor in this city.